it's a lot of people leave the Navy, baby, and sooner or later we all
retire sooner. This later wait years 18. I personally my over my youngest
child for family. You know, being away was taking its toll. So
I was So that's family is probably the big thing about leaving, baby.
Um, our deaths, I know that from years of sense is the ages Creature
had shot down Airbus Gulf these early eighties. Resigned did not
serve out there 30 years. So they're they're gonna be reasons for people
personal. One of things that I just recommend to, you know, spend
a lot of time point. You spent 10 years of active duty. You wanted
it out. No problems. Understand? I personally, myself, all reserves
and you'll enjoy it guaranteed.